a 10-minute workout to sculpt your body
in two weeks if you want to burn some
extra fat tone up your butt or lose a
couple inches off your waist it doesn't
necessarily mean you have to spend
countless hours in the gym all you need
is an effective workout plan a balanced
diet and exercising 30 minutes a day in
this video we offer you to start a 10
day workout program that works for any
body type we have good news and great
news you don't have to go to the gym to
do this workout you can do these
exercises while watching this video so
go find your gym uniform and let's start
this workout program consists of four
different sections that are designed to
train different muscle groups
[Music]
let's start with ABS elbow plank take
the plank position but make sure you are
standing on your elbows you can start
from 10 seconds and gradually increase
it all the way up to 30 seconds start
watch for your back it should be
absolutely straight otherwise you might
get injured well done
leg up plank now let's make it a little
more complicated take the elbow plank
position again but this time with your
palms on the floor for the first 10
seconds lift your left leg as we are
showing keep your leg and your back
straight inhale exhale
[Music]
okay now change legs and do ten more
seconds you are doing great
well done now it's time for a side plank
side plank the side plank exercise is a
little harder now you need only one
elbow hold yourself on it while the
other hand is at your waist your legs
should be on top of each other ten
seconds is enough for the first time go
change sides now and repeat
[Music]
just a little bit left
if you are tired take a breather
it's okay to be tired and there is no
need to stress your body
[Music]
climbing planks and now is final ABS
exercise start in the elbow plank
position what you have to do is go from
the elbow plank position to the regular
plank position and back you should do
this one arm at a time do it for 15
seconds don't hurry it's better to do
less but more efficiently
[Music]
the second part is for exercising legs
and button squats let's start with
simple squats you should put on some
comfortable sneakers for this
when squatting make sure your feet don't
move and your hands are straight we
recommend doing at least 20 squats but
it depends on you
don't rush and look in the mirror to
check if you are doing it right go 1 2 3
4 5 6
seven
eight nine ten are you feeling okay 11
12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
lunges again making it harder they
should be pretty low with your knee
almost touching the floor your hands
should make one big fist as shown on the
screen now you need to 15 lunges go 1 2
3 4
five six seven
eight
[Music]
910 keep it going
11 12 13 14 15 beli push-ups lie on the
floor with your knees up your arms
should be on the floor you will use them
to keep the balance
lift your butt 20 times you must feel
your abs working hard too it means you
are doing it right 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
eight
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
the third part is arms and chest
[Music]
shoulder circles you will need weights
for this one they don't have to be very
heavy start with the lighter ones take
them and stretch your arms like this now
make circles with your arms
we recommend 40 reps but again if you
are tired it's okay don't be too fast
keep your muscles working this exercise
also helps to train your chest muscles
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten great another ten times one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
halfway through one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten just a little
left one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten
punches okay let's get to the next one
now you have to do some punches with
weights one arm at a time there is no
need to imagine someone you hate the
punches don't have to be very fast and
strong be as relaxed as you can do it 40
times 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 keep going
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
[Music]
push-ups
you should do 20 push-ups on your knees
with your feet crossed keep your back
straight while doing the exercise also
breathe out when going up this will help
you keep the rhythm better 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 halfway through 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
well done now it's time to burn some fat
you should do these exercises quickly so
prepare for your heart working a lot
[Music]
lifting the first exercise combines your
legs and your arms here is what you
should do lift your right knee up and
put it down right after that put both
your hands up and put them down then
repeat this with your other knee all
right you got it
now repeat it 20 times 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
try to do it quicker this is the only
way to burn fat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
mountain climbers take the full plank
position again bend your right knee 20
times and then repeat it with your left
knee it can be pretty difficult so doing
at least 10 times for each leg is good
enough for starters 1 2 3
four five just a little left six seven
eight nine ten
[Music]
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten burpees this one is probably
the hardest but it's also the most
efficient take the full plank position
again then you need to switch to the I
am about to jump up position with your
hands touching the ground and then well
jump up return to the full plank
position repeated as many times as you
can but no more than fifteen one two
three four
five
six
seven eight
nine ten and five more if you can one
two three four five okay well done
repeat every day and you will be in
great shape in no time send this video
to your friends if you want them to be
in good shape too
give us a like if you enjoyed the
workout and click subscribe to join us
on the bright side
[Music]